{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Thorndale{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Albany{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 HG Mincho Light J{\*\falt msmincho};}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial Unicode MS;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red221\green221\blue221;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe255\hich\f5\fs20\lang1033\loch\f5\fs20\lang1033\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa283\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af7\afs28\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\f4\fs28\lang1033\loch\f4\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe255\hich\f5\fs20\lang1033\loch\f5\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe255\hich\f5\fs20\lang1033\loch\f5\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs24\lang255\ai\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe255\hich\f5\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f5\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe255\hich\f5\fs20\lang1033\loch\f5\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
{\s7\sa283\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brdrcf4\brsp0{\*\brdrb\brdlncol4\brdlnin1\brdlnout1\brdlndist20}\brsp0\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe255\hich\f5\fs12\lang1033\loch\f5\fs12\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Horizontal Line;}
{\s8\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe255\hich\f5\fs20\lang1033\i\loch\f5\fs20\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext8 envelope return;}
{\s9\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe255\hich\f5\fs20\lang1033\loch\f5\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon3\snext9 Table Contents;}
{\s10\cf0{\*\tlswg8236}\tqc\tx4818{\*\tlswg8236}\tqr\tx9637{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe255\hich\f5\fs20\lang1033\loch\f5\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext10 footer;}
{\s11\cf0{\*\tlswg8236}\tqc\tx4818{\*\tlswg8236}\tqr\tx9637{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe255\hich\f5\fs20\lang1033\loch\f5\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext11 header;}
{\s12\sb240\sa283\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af7\afs32\lang255\ab\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\f3\fs32\lang1033\b\loch\f3\fs32\lang1033\b\sbasedon2\snext3{\*\soutlvl0} heading 1;}
{\s13\sb240\sa283\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af7\afs20\lang255\ab\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\f4\fs20\lang1033\b\loch\f4\fs20\lang1033\b\sbasedon2\snext3{\*\soutlvl5} heading 6;}
{\s14\sb240\sa283\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af7\afs22\lang255\ab\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\f4\fs22\lang1033\b\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033\b\sbasedon2\snext3{\*\soutlvl4} heading 5;}
{\s15\sb240\sa283\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang255\ai\ab\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\f4\fs24\lang1033\i\b\loch\f4\fs24\lang1033\i\b\sbasedon2\snext3{\*\soutlvl3} heading 4;}
{\s16\sb240\sa283\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af7\afs26\lang255\ab\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\f4\fs26\lang1033\b\loch\f4\fs26\lang1033\b\sbasedon2\snext3{\*\soutlvl2} heading 3;}
{\s17\sb240\sa283\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af7\afs28\lang255\ai\ab\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\f4\fs28\lang1033\i\b\loch\f4\fs28\lang1033\i\b\sbasedon2\snext3{\*\soutlvl1} heading 2;}
{\s18\li567\ri567\lin567\rin567\fi0\sa283\box\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf5\brsp144{\*\brdrt\brdlncol5\brdlnin0\brdlnout1\brdlndist0}\brsp144{\*\brdrl\brdlncol5\brdlnin0\brdlnout1\brdlndist0}\brsp144{\*\brdrb\brdlncol5\brdlnin0\brdlnout1\brdlndist0}\brsp144{\*\brdrr\brdlncol5\brdlnin0\brdlnout1\brdlndist0}\brsp144\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe255\hich\f5\fs20\lang1033\loch\f5\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext18 Quotations;}
{\*\cs20\cf0\rtlch\af2\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af2\langfe255\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 Endnote Symbol;}
{\*\cs21\cf0\rtlch\af2\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af2\langfe255\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 Footnote Symbol;}
{\*\cs22\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch\af2\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af2\langfe255\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 Internet link;}
}
{\info{\creatim\yr2008\mo4\dy26\hr1\min9}{\revtim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern6800}}\deftab709
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}
{\pgdsc1\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\pgdscnxt1 Endnote;}
{\pgdsc2\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn567\margtsxn567\margbsxn567{\cbpat3}\pgdscnxt2 HTML;}}
{\*\pgdscno2}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr567\margt567\margb567\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn567\margtsxn567\margbsxn567{\cbpat3}\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa283\rtlch\af5\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe255\hich\f5\fs20\lang1033\loch\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f5\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 \line \line Story 1 - Hosting Site\line The system will be accessed via an ODU hosted web-site.\line Estimated Time:\~ N/A - ODU personnel will setup\line \line Story 2 - Authentication\line The system will allow the user to log-in with their current password\line or request the password be reset
 and a new password be generated and\line emailed to the address on file for the user.\line Estimated Time: 40 hrs.\line \line Story 3 - User Profile\line On authentication, the system will provide a user specific menu.\line Estimated Time: 35 hrs.\line \line Story 4 - User Hierarchy\line The system 
will divide users into the following categories:\line Super-User, Master Administrator, Expert, Teacher, Student, and Guest.\line Estimated Time: 10 hrs.\line \line Story 5 - Super User\line The system will allow the super user to administer the Master Administrator\line roster, admini
ster language packs, run reports, and back-up the database.\line Estimated Time: 105 hrs.\line \line Story 6 - Master Administrator\line The system will allow the Master Administrator to administer the Teacher roster,\line administer the Expert roster, access the dictionary, submi
t dictionary\line requests to Experts, and run reports.\line Estimated Time: 245 hrs.\line \line Story 7 - Expert\line The system will allow Experts to access the dictionary, provide an interface for\line dictionary administration, and generate dictionary requests to other Experts.\line Est
imated Time: 195 hrs.\line \line Story 8 - Teacher\line The system will allow Teachers to administer the Student roster,\line access the dictionary, submit dictionary requests to Experts, and run reports.\line Estimated Time: 210 hrs.\line \line Story 9 - Students\line The system will allow Stud
ents to select a language, do a lesson, take a\line quiz, access the dictionary, and run progress reports.\line Estimated Time: 310 hrs.\line \line Story 10 - Guest\line The system will provide a Guest account to select a language, access\line the dictionary for available languages, do
 available lessons, take available\line quizzes, and store results locally.\line Estimated Time: 300 hrs.\line \line Story 11 - Database\line The system will maintain an Oracle database at ODU.\line Estimated Time: 120 hrs.\line \line Story 12 - Master Administrator Roster\line The system will allow 
the Super User to add, modify, and delete\line Master Administrators.\line Estimated Time: 35 hrs.\line \line Story 13 - Administer Official Language Pack\line The system will allow the Super User to select a language pack and\line install or delete the the Official Language Pack.\line Esti
mated Time: 35 hrs.\line \line Story 14 - Super User Reports\line The system will maintain data to provide the following reports:\line expert roster, master administrator roster, and traffic reports.\line Estimated Time: 35 hrs.\line \line Story 15 - Language Pack Back-Up\line The system will pr
ovide a mechanism to back-up the database.\line Estimated Time: N/A - ODU personnel will do backups\line \line Story 16 - Teacher Roster\line The system will allow the Master Administrator to add, modify, or delete\line their Teacher roster.\line Estimated Time: 20 hrs.\line \line Story 17 - Exp
ert Roster\line The system will allow the Master Administrator to add, modify, or delete\line their Expert roster.\line Estimated Time: 20 hrs.\line \line Story 18 Dictionary Administration\line The system will provide an interface to allow the Experts for a\line language to add, modify, or
 delete words in the dictionary.\line Estimated Time: 25 hrs.\line \line Story 19 - Submit Dictionary Request\line The system will allow users to e-mail dictionary related\line requests to the group of Experts assigned to a language.\line Estimated Time: 25 hrs.\line \line Story 20 - Master Admi
nistrator Reports\line The system will maintain data to provide the following reports:\line teacher roster and expert roster.\line Estimated Time: 35 hrs.\line \line Story 21 - Student Roster\line The system will allow Teachers to add, modify, or delete their\line Student roster.\line Estimated 
Time: 20 hrs.\line \line Story 22 - Teacher Reports\line The system will maintain data for the student grade report.\line Estimated Time: 20 hrs.\line \line Story 23 - Language Pack Selection\line The system will allow a Student to select or change the current\line language.\line Estimated Time: 20 h
rs.\line \line Story 24 - Lesson\line The system will provide an interface to allow the Student to select\line from available lessons and work through the lesson.\line Estimated Time: 70 hrs.\line \line Story 25 - Quiz\line The system will provide an interface for the Student to select\line an availa
ble quiz, take the quiz, and display and store the result.\line Estimated Time: 50 hrs.\line \line Story 26 - Student Reports\line The system will maintain the data to provide Students with\line progress reports on quizzes they have taken.\line Estimated Time: 25 hrs.\line \line Story 27 - Brows
e Syllabary\line The system will provide an interface to allow the student to\line browse the syllabary for a chosen language.\line Estimated Time: 40 hrs.\line \line Story 28 - Browse Dictionary\line The system will provide an interface to allow the student to\line browse the dictionary fo
r a chosen language.\line Estimated Time: 45 hrs.\line \line Story 29 - Dictionary Look-Up\line The system will provide an interface to allow the student to\line find a word in the current language.\line Estimated Time: 60 hrs.\line \line Story 30 User Interface\line The system will interact with the
 user through a collection of HTML\line Web pages.\~ Time will be allocated to familiarize teams with HTLM.\line Estimated Time: 40 hrs.\line \line Story 31 Common Gateway Interface\line The system will use CGI scripts to generate appropriate HTML.\~ Time\line will be allocated to famili
arize teams with CGI protocols.\line Estimated Time: 40 hrs.\line \line Story 32 Inter-Process Database Communication\line The system will use PL/SQL embedded in C++ to communicate with\line the ORACLE database.\~ Time will be allocated to familiarize teams with\line embedded PL/SQL pro
tocols.\line Estimated Time: 40 hrs.\line \line Story 33\~ Master Administrator Profile\line The system will store the log-in, password, name, address, e-mail, and\line language permissions for the Master Administrator.\line Estimated Time: 10 hrs.\line \line Story 34\~ Expert Profile\line The system w
ill store the log-in, password, name, e-mail, and language\line permissions\line Estimated Time: 10 hrs.\line \line Story 35\~ Teacher Profile\line The system will store the log-in, password, name, e-mail, language\line permissions and their administrator.\line Estimated Time: 10 hrs.\line \line Story
 36 Student Profile\line The system will store the log-in, password, name, grade-level, e-mail,\line language and lesson permissions, and grades.\line Estimated Time: 10 hrs.\line \line Story 37 Enhancement-WIKI Dictionary\line The system will maintain two separate dictionaries.\~ One w
ill be the\line official dictionary of recognized words, and the second will be a WIKI\line dictionary generated by the Language Experts.\~ The system will provide }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa283\rtlch\af5\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe255\hich\f5\fs20\lang1033\loch\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f5\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 an interface to allow the Experts for a language to add, modify, or delete }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe255\hich\f5\fs20\lang1033\loch\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f5\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 words in the Wiki dictionary.\~ The WIKI would contain new words not }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe255\hich\f5\fs20\lang1033\loch\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f5\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 contained in the official dictionary or words that are under review within a }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe255\hich\f5\fs20\lang1033\loch\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f5\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 tribe.\line Estimated Time: 75 hrs.\line \line Story 38 Enhancement - Wiki Dictionary Administration\line The system will\~allow the Experts a way to promote words from the\line Wiki dictionary to the official dictionary.\line Estimated Time: 75 hrs.\line \line Story 39 Enhancement - Teacher Curr
iculum\line The system will provide an interface to allow Teachers to create\line their own lessons and quizzes and make them available to their\line Students.\line Estimated Time: 80 hrs.\line \line Story 40 Enhancement - Query Limiter\line The system will provide an interface, while\~brows
ing the dictionary,\line which will display possible word matches\~based on each symbol as they }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe255\hich\f5\fs20\lang1033\loch\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f5\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 are entered.\~ Possible matches are\~words that start with the\~symbols }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe255\hich\f5\fs20\lang1033\loch\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f5\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 typed by the user.\line Estimated Time: 80 hrs.\line \line Story 41 Enhancement - Suggested Words\line If a word search fails, the system will provide\~the user with optional }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe255\hich\f5\fs20\lang1033\loch\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f5\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 words that are\~similar in spelling. }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe255\hich\f5\fs20\lang1033\loch\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f5\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 Estimated Time: 80 hrs.}
\par }